I've been worried to death that I can't contact you.
Son, I'm fine
Made you worry.
You siblings haven't been rescued for a long time
Call for help
Hey, don't worry, sister.
My big brother took care of those who bullied us.
What do you mean by packing up? Didn't you watch the news?
What's the news?
Then you see?
Tang was acquired by Story
The groom is always present
The story may go further
Tang's was acquired by Gu Yiming
Gu Yiming did not attend the wedding
Does he know?
Your sister needs to rest now
Let's chat another day
Hey, but we're not done talking yet.
Go back first
Okay
Sister, have a good rest.
Take care of yourself, too!
square group
Miss Li
This is made by our Mr. Gu himself, please try it
Made by a novice
I can actually cook, do you eat it?
Don't eat, pull down and eat
Eat
Did you do this or
How did it go?
Is it okay?
Oh right, that one.
The Tang Group
Are you because of me?
If you do something wrong, you should be punished
What about Tang Yuxin?
Don't worry, no one will bully you in the future.